---
layout: layouts/hw.njk
---
### Part 3
Create a webpage that contains a script that inputs 5 numbers and determines and displays the count of the negative numbers, the number of positive numbers, and the number of zeros. Use input boxes in a form for the input numbers. Your results should be displayed using a form textarea or a div element. Do not use an alert.

If the user inputs any invalid (not number), an error message should be displayed and no result should be shown. If all input is valid, no error message should be displayed and the result should then be displayed in the textarea or div element.

Think about the user experience, user interface. Remember to create your pages in a way that the user can understand what you want him/her to type. Also, remember that you should not allow users to be typing characters when you are expecting numbers—it's not a good idea to give NaN as a result, right?

<section class="body">
<form name="myform">

| Five Numbers, Please. |  Here. |
|:---|---:|
| First Number: | <input type="number" name="num1" size="10" step="1" required><span class="validity"></span> |
| Second Number: | <input type="number" name="num2" size="10" step="1" required><span class="validity"></span> |
| Third Number: | <input type="number" name="num3" size="10" step="1" required><span class="validity"></span> |
| Fourth Number: | <input type="number" name="num4" size="10" step="1" required><span class="validity"></span> |
| Fifth Number: | <input type="number" name="num5" size="10" step="1" required><span class="validity"></span> |


Results: 
<br>
<textarea rows="4" cols="45" name="result" id="results"></textarea>
<br><br>
<input type="button" class="button-primary" onclick="process()" value="Submit">
<input type="reset" value="Reset" id="reset">

</form>
</section>

<script>
function process()
{
let numbers = [];
let negnum = 0, posnum = 0, zeronum = 0;

numbers[0] = parseInt(document.forms["myform"].elements["num1"].value);
numbers[1] = parseInt(document.forms["myform"].elements["num2"].value);
numbers[2] = parseInt(document.forms["myform"].elements["num3"].value);
numbers[3] = parseInt(document.forms["myform"].elements["num4"].value);
numbers[4] = parseInt(document.forms["myform"].elements["num5"].value);

for (let i = 0; i < 5 ; i++) {
    if (numbers[i] < 0) {
        negnum++;
    } else if (numbers[i] > 0) {
        posnum++;
    } else {
        zeronum++;
    }
}

if (isNaN(numbers[0]) || isNaN(numbers[1]) || isNaN(numbers[2]) || isNaN(numbers[3]) || isNaN(numbers[4])) {
    document.forms["myform"].elements["result"].value = ("You have entered invalid input. Please enter integers only."); 
} else {
    if (negnum == 0) negnum = "no";
    if (posnum == 0) posnum = "no";
    if (zeronum == 0) zeronum = "no";
    document.forms["myform"].elements["result"].textContent = ("You have entered " + negnum + " negative, " + posnum + " positive, and " + zeronum + " zero numbers."); 
}
}
</script>