<script>
    import Accordion from '$lib/Accordion.md';
import Button from '$lib/Button.svelte'
let myFloat, nearestInt, rootInt, tenths, hundredths, thousandths, myFloatString, results = "";
myFloat = nearestInt = rootInt = tenths = hundredths = thousandths = "";
$: myFloat = parseFloat(myFloatString);
const process = () => {
    console.log((/^\d*\.\d{4,}$/).test(myFloat));
    (/^\d*\.\d{4,}$/).test(myFloat)
    ? ( results = "", nearestInt = `${Math.round(myFloat)}`, rootInt = `${Math.round(Math.sqrt(myFloat))}`, tenths = `${myFloat.toFixed(1)}`, hundredths = `${myFloat.toFixed(2)}`, thousandths = `${myFloat.toFixed(3)}`)
    : ( results = "Neeeeeeee! You have entered invalid input. <br> Please enter <b>a number</b> with <b>at least</b> 4 decimal points.", nearestInt = rootInt = tenths = hundredths = thousandths = "");
}

const reset = () => {
     results = myFloatString = nearestInt = rootInt = tenths = hundredths = thousandths = "";
}
</script>

### Part 1: Sinuous Rounding Methods

<Accordion>
Create a webpage that contains a script that has a function that uses **Math.round, Math.sqrt, Math.floor, toFixed()** etc. to obtain the following:

1. round the floating-point number to the nearest integer
2. calculate the square root of the floating-point number and round it to an integer
3. round the floating-point number to the nearest tenths position
4. round the floating-point number to the nearest hunderdths position
5. round the floating-point number to the nearest thousandths position

Your page should:

- Require the user to enter a floating-point number with **AT LEAST 4 decimal positions (no less than that).**
- If the user types any number with less than 4 decimal positions, show an error message and do not show any result.
- Script should display the original floating-point number the user typed, the number rounded to the nearest integer, the square root of the number that is then rounded to an integer, the number rounded to the nearest tenth, the number rounded to the nearest hundredth, and the number rounded to the nearest thousandth.
- Be sure to use parseFloat() for the inputted number. Use a form input box that the user will use to input and a textarea to display the output. When presenting the output, make sure that there is no error message written - DO NOT PRESENT THE RESULT USING ALERT.
- When displaying the output, depending on which method you chose, be sure to use **toFixed()** for displaying the number to the nearest tenths, hundredths, and thousandths positions (just in case you decided to use **Math.floor** and **Math.round** for some of the requests for this part). Validate the input and display an error message if the input is invalid. It is acceptable to use jQuery for this problem if you prefer.

</Accordion>

<div class="row">
<div class="one-half column">

<!-- regular expression for number input pattern="^\d*\.\d{4,}$" -->

| Incredible FP   |                                                                                     Numbers |
| :-------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| FP Number       | <input type="text" style="text-align:right;" bind:value={myFloatString} on:keyup={process}> |
| Nearest Integer |                                                                                {nearestInt} |
| Root Int        |                                                                                   {rootInt} |
| Tenths          |                                                                                    {tenths} |
| Hundredths      |                                                                                {hundredths} |
| Thousandths     |                                                                               {thousandths} |

</div>
<div class="one-half column">
<br>
<br>
<span class="button-row">
<Button type="submit" click={process}/>
<Button type="reset" click={reset}/>
</span>
<br>
{@html results}
</div>
</div>

<style type="text/css">
    ol { 
        list-style-type: lower-alpha; 
        }
</style>
