### Part 3: Temperature Converter

<p id="flip">Click to show/hide assignment.</p>
<div id="panel">

Create a web page using input boxes that:  
  
`C = 5/9 * (F - 32)`   
  
`F = (9/5 * C) + 32`  
  
The user will be allowed to enter a number in one input box you will provide. You will also provide two buttons: one to convert from Celsius to Farenheit and another button to convert from Fahrenheit to Celsius. Your form should have another input box or textarea that the user will not allowed to write anything as that's where you will put the result.

When the user clicks on one of those buttons, you need to convert the temperature entered by the user, using the right function to convert from C to F or from F to C.

If the user's input is invalid, present an error message and do not display any result. If the user's input is valid, present the converted result and do not present any past error message!

[Note that 0 degrees Celsius = 32 degrees Fahrenheit].

Make sure you present the final converted temperature with no decimal values, like you would present it for the public - meaning no decimals, just the integer number of the temperature. **Remember that negative temperature *IS VALID!***

</div>
<section>
<div class="row">
<form name="myform">
<div class="one-half column">

Input a temperature!

| Unit      |                                                        Value                                                        |                  <input type="button" value="Reset" id="reset">                   |
| :-------- | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Celcius   |   <input type="number" id="celcius" name="celcius" min="-1000" max="1000" required>  | <input type="button" class="button-primary" onclick="calc('ctof')" value="to ºF"> |
| Farenheit | <input type="number" id="farenheit" name="farenheit" min="-1000" max="1000" required>| <input type="button" class="button-primary" onclick="calc('ftoc')" value="to ºC"> |

</div>
<div class="one-half column">
<br><br>
<div id="messages"></div>
<br>
</div>
</form>
</div>
</section>

<script>
const displayResults = (message = "", celcius = 0, farenheit = 32) => {
        $("#messages").text(message);
        document.forms["myform"].elements["celcius"].value = (celcius.toFixed(0));
        document.forms["myform"].elements["farenheit"].value = (farenheit.toFixed(0));
}

function calc(direction){
    const errMessage = "You have to enter a numeric value.";

    let temp = {
        "celcius": parseFloat(document.forms["myform"].elements["celcius"].value),
        "farenheit": parseFloat(document.forms["myform"].elements["farenheit"].value),
        "tof": () => ((9/5) * temp.celcius) + 32,
        "toc": () => (5/9) * (temp.farenheit - 32)
    }
    
    if (direction == "ctof") {
        Number.isNaN(temp.celcius)
        ? displayResults(errMessage, NaN, NaN)
        : displayResults("", temp.celcius, temp.tof());
    } else if (direction == "ftoc") {
        Number.isNaN(temp.farenheit)
        ? displayResults(errMessage, NaN, NaN)
        : displayResults("", temp.toc(), temp.farenheit);
    }
}

window.addEventListener('load', function () {
    displayResults();
    $('#reset').click(function(){
        displayResults("", 0, 32);
    });
    $('#farenheit, #celcius').focusin(function() {
		$(this).css('background-color','whitesmoke');
    });
    $('#farenheit, #celcius').focusout(function() {
		$(this).css('background-color','');
    });
});        
</script>
