### Part 4: The Multiplication Teacher

<p class="accordian">Click to show/hide assignment.</p>
<div class="panel">

Computers are playing an increasing role in education. Write a program that will help an elementary school student learn multiplication. Use Math.random to produce two one-digit integers (0-9). It should then display a question such as:  
  
How much is 6 times 7?  
  
The student then types the answer into an input box. Your program checks the student's answer. If it is correct, display the message "Very good!" in a text area or another part of the page, and then prompt the user to see whether they wish to continue by using the confirm statement. If true, then generate a new question. If not, then exit the script and do not present another question.  
  
If the answer to the multiplication question is wrong, display the message "No. Please try again." directly on the page in a textarea or another part of the page, and let the student try the same question again repeatedly until the student finally gets it right.

A separate function should be used to generate each new question. This function should be called once when the script begins execution and each time the user answers the question correctly. Note that whether the answer is correct or not, you should clear the answer box after the question is answered.

</div>

<section id="disappear">
<div class="row">
<form name="myform">
<div class="one-half column">
<div id="question"></div><br>
<div id="messages"></div><br>
</div>
<div class="one-half column">
<label for="guess">Answer:</label><br><input type="number" id="guess" name="guess" min="0" max="100" required><br>
<span class="button-row">
<input type="button" class="button-primary" onclick="calc()" value="Submit"> <input type="reset" value="New Question" id="reset">
</span><br>
</div>
</form>
</div>
</section>

<script>
const displayResults = (question = "") => {
        document.getElementById('question').textContent = question;
}

const teacher = {
    "errMessage": "You have to enter a numeric value.",
    "correctMessage": 'Correct! Good Job!<br><span class="button-row"><input type="button" class="button-primary" onclick="teacher.continue()" value="Do it Again!"> <input type="button" class="button" onclick="teacher.clear()" value="make it stop!"></span>',
    "phrase": () => "How much is " + teacher.num1 + " * " + teacher.num2 + "?",
    "rando": () => Math.floor(Math.random() * 10),
    "init": () => { 
        teacher.num1 = teacher.rando(); 
        teacher.num2 = teacher.rando(); 
        displayResults(teacher.phrase());
        document.getElementById('messages').textContent = "🤞🏻";
        },
    "continue": () => { 
         teacher.init();
         document.getElementById('guess').value = "";
        },
    "clear": () => {
        document.getElementById('guess').value = "",
        setTimeout(() => { document.getElementById('disappear').innerHTML = "Thanks for playing! 👋🏼 <br><br>" }, 500);
        }
    }

function calc(){
    teacher.guess = parseFloat(document.forms["myform"].elements["guess"].value);
    Number.isNaN(teacher.guess)
        ? document.getElementById('messages').textContent = teacher.errMessage
        : teacher.guess == teacher.num1 * teacher.num2 
        ? document.getElementById('messages').innerHTML = teacher.correctMessage
        : ( document.getElementById('guess').value = ""
        , document.getElementById('messages').textContent = "Nope! Please try again.");
} 

document.getElementById('reset').addEventListener("click", () => {
    teacher.init();
});

teacher.init();
</script>
