### Part 3: The State of the State

<p class="accordian">Click to show/hide assignment.</p>
<div class="panel">

Given the following table of data about several of our states from the 2018 census, create a webpage that enables the user to enter a state name (full or just the two characters that represent the state) and have the State Name, State Capital, and population appear in separate input box or textarea. DO NOT USE ALERT!!!

The user should be able to start the script by pressing the button, "State Info". Just use the states that are given in the following table for your array. Allow for the user to enter the name of the state in either lower case or upper case letters. Note that solving this problem involves a two-dimensional array. Make sure you validate the input for a correct state abbreviation or state name. If the input is invalid then display an error message.  If the user enter a state that is not part of the list, show a message to the user but if the user retypes the state and click the Submit button and the state is valid, then the "error" message should not be shown and, instead, you should show the information that is coming from the table below - for example, suppose the user typed "california" (all in lowercase), you could show a message with something as:  

> Thanks for your inquiry, here is the information you requested:  
> State abbr = CA  
> State Name = California  
> Capital = Sacramento  
> Population = 39,557,045

|State Abbr|State Name|Capital|Population|
|-|-|-|-|
|AL|Alabama|Montgomery|4,887,871|
|AK|Alaska|Juneau|737,438|
|AZ|Arizona|Phoenix|7,171,646|
|AR|Arkansas|Little Rock|3,010,825|
|CA|California|Sacramento|39,557,045|
|CO|Colorado|Denver|5,694,564|

</div>

<div class="row">
<div class="one-half column">
<form name="myform">
<label for="astate">Enter a state name or abbreviation:</label>
<textarea class="u-full-width" id="astate" name="astate" placeholder="Alaska..."></textarea><br>
<span class="button-row">
<input type="button" class="button-primary" onclick="process()" value="State Info">
<input type="reset" value="Reset" id="reset">
</span>
</form>
</div>
<div class="one-half column">
<br>
<div id="results"></div>
</div>

<script>
const process = () => {
let states = [
    ["AL","Alabama","Montgomery",4887871],
    ["AK","Alaska","Juneau",737438],
    ["AZ","Arizona","Phoenix",7171646],
    ["AR","Arkansas","Little Rock",3010825],
    ["CA","California","Sacramento",39557045],
    ["CO","Colorado","Denver",5694564]
    ], 
    provided = "We're so sorry, but we couldn't parse your state name. Please try again using only the state's full name or the state's two letter abbreviation. We can currently only parse the first six state names, and only single state names, so just one at a time, please." , 
    theirState = document.forms["myform"].elements["astate"].value.replace(/\s+/g, '').toUpperCase();

states.forEach( (item, index) => {
    if (theirState == item[0] || theirState == item[1].toUpperCase()) { provided = index } ;
    });
    
isNaN(provided) 
    ? document.getElementById("results").innerHTML = provided
    : document.getElementById("results").innerHTML = `Thanks for your inquiry, here is the information you requested:  <br> State abbr = ${states[provided][0]} <br> State Name = ${states[provided][1]}  <br> Capital = ${states[provided][2]}  <br> Population = ${states[provided][3].toLocaleString()}`
}

document.getElementById('reset').addEventListener("click", () => {
    document.getElementById('results').textContent = "";
});
</script>
