### Part 1: Dealer's Choice

<p class="accordian">Click to show/hide assignment.</p>
<div class="panel">

Create a webpage in which users are allowed to select a page layout and formatting through the use of the className property. Choose at least three form elements such as: radio buttons, select items, checkboxes, and buttons to allow the user to change some CSS property of the page such as: background color, font size, font family, font style, and font weight. You may use JavaScript or jQuery for this.

You should not ignore any of the choices made by the user which means that once a choice is made, it should remain active on the page or the area selected to apply the changes. The choice should be applied when the choice is made! For example, if you give radio buttons for the background color, such as: cyan, light green, or orange and the user chooses orange, the orange background should be applied immediately! Then, after that choice, in another option you give checkboxes for the user to choose font bold, and/or font italic and the user selects both checkboxes, then the page should maintain the background color chosen from the radio button and apply the new styles (**bold font** and *italicized font*) as well. 

In case of checkboxes, if the user uncheck the mark of a checkbox, the style that was unchecked should be removed from the page or area selected!

</div>

#### Welcome!

Please examine the options below and experiment to find a selection that suits your personality!

<div class="row">
<div class="one-half column">


<form name="myform">

|Element| Options |
|-|-|
|Background Color| <input type="radio" id="case1" name="bg" value="cyan" onchange="bgc(this)" required> <label for="case1">C</label> <input type="radio" id="case2" name="bg" value="magenta" onchange="bgc(this)" required> <label for="case2">M</label> <input type="radio" id="case3" name="bg" value="yellow" onchange="bgc(this)" required> <label for="case3">Y</label><input type="radio" id="case3" name="bg" value="white" onchange="bgc(this)" required> <label for="case3">W</label>|
|font size|<span class="button-row"><input type="button" style="padding:0% 2%;" onclick="fs(this)" value="10pt"><input type="button" value="14pt" style="padding:0% 2%;" id="pt14" onclick="fs(this)"><input type="button" value="18pt" style="padding:0% 2%;" id="pt18" onclick="fs(this)"></span>|
|font family|<select name="ff" id="ff" onchange="fff(this);" required><option value="Raleway">pick a font...</option><option value="Times New Roman">Times</option><option value="Arial">Arial</option><option value="Impact">Impact</option></select>|
|font style|<label><input type="checkbox" name="bold" value="bold" onchange="fwff(this)"><span class="label-body">Bold</span></label><label><input type="checkbox" name="italic" value="italic" onchange="fbi(this)"><span class="label-body">Italics</span></label>|
|font weight|<select name="fw" id="fw" onchange="fwf(this);" required><option value="normal">pick a weight</option><option value="100">100</option> <option value="500">500</option><option value="900">900</option></select>|

</form>
</div>
<div class="one-half column">
<label for="play">Type in this area to see your awesome personalized styles applied:</label>
<textarea id="play" name="play" placeholder="Reward the chosen human with a slow blink only use one corner of the litter box so make muffins, but shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff hide when guests come over meow meow mama. Whatever scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food yet disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet always hungry. Swipe at owner's legs pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! please stop looking at your phone and pet me blow up sofa in 3 seconds chase little red dot someday it will be mine! and kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute? but eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter. Sit by the fire pee in the shoe so take a big fluffing crap 💩 yet flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower murf pratt ungow ungow. Furrier and even more furrier hairball paw your face to wake you up in the morning mice yet kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment and catasstrophe so scoot butt on the rug. Pounce on unsuspecting person meow loudly just to annoy owners, yet run up and down stairs curl into a furry donut but when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason nya nya nyan. Look at dog hiiiiiisssss your pillow is now my pet bed so scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me for sniff catnip and act crazy rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent yet make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm.">
</textarea>
</div>


<script>
  const fff = styleform => {
      document.body.style.fontFamily = styleform.value;
  }
  const fwf = styleform => {
      document.body.style.fontWeight = styleform.value;
      styleform.value == 900 ? document.forms.myform.elements.bold.checked = true : document.forms.myform.elements.bold.checked = false;
  }
  const fwff = check => {
      document.body.style.fontWeight = check.checked ? "bold" : "normal";
     check.checked ? document.forms.myform.elements.fw.value = 900 : document.forms.myform.elements.fw.value = "normal" ;
  }
  const bgc = radio => {
      document.body.style.backgroundColor = radio.value;
  }
  const fs = button => {
      document.body.style.fontSize = button.value;
  }
  const fbi = check => {
      document.body.style.fontStyle = check.checked ? "italic" : "normal" ;
  }

</script>