<script>
import Accordion from '$lib/Accordion.md'
import Button from '$lib/Button.svelte'
let results = "";
let numbers = ["", "", "", "", ""];

const process = () => {
    const ints = numbers.map(n => parseInt(n));
    const posnum = ints.map(n => n > 0 ? 1 : 0).reduce((a, b) => a + b);
    const negnum = ints.map(n => n < 0 ? 1 : 0).reduce((a, b) => a + b);
    const zeronum = ints.map(n => n === 0 ? 1 : 0).reduce((a, b) => a + b);
    ints.map(n => isNaN(n)).reduce((t,f) => t||f)
    ? results = `Results: <br> You have entered invalid input. Please enter integers only.`
    : results = `Results: <br>You have entered ${ negnum != 0 ? negnum : "no" } negative, ${ posnum != 0 ? posnum : "no" } positive, and ${ zeronum != 0 ? zeronum : "no" } zero numbers.`; 
}

const reset = () => {
    numbers = ["", "", "", "", ""];
    results = "";
}
</script>

### Part 3: Sign Counting Form

<Accordion>
Create a webpage that contains a script that inputs 5 numbers and determines and displays the count of the negative numbers, the number of positive numbers, and the number of zeros. Use input boxes in a form for the input numbers. Your results should be displayed using a form textarea or a div element. Do not use an alert.

If the user inputs any invalid (not number), an error message should be displayed and no result should be shown. If all input is valid, no error message should be displayed and the result should then be displayed in the textarea or div element.

Think about the user experience, user interface. Remember to create your pages in a way that the user can understand what you want him/her to type. Also, remember that you should not allow users to be typing characters when you are expecting numbers—it's not a good idea to give NaN as a result, right?
</Accordion>

<div class="row">
<div class="one-half column">

| Numbers |                                                  Here. |
| :------ | -----------------------------------------------------: |
| First:  | <input type="number" bind:value={numbers[0]} required> |
| Second: | <input type="number" bind:value={numbers[1]} required> |
| Third:  | <input type="number" bind:value={numbers[2]} required> |
| Fourth: | <input type="number" bind:value={numbers[3]} required> |
| Fifth:  | <input type="number" bind:value={numbers[4]} required> |

</div>

<div class="one-half column">

<br>
<br>

<span class="button-row">
<Button type="submit" click={ process }/>
<Button type="reset" click={ reset }/>
</span>

<br>
{@html results}

<br><br>

</div>
</div>
